Famous Quotes series:

https://www.pinterest.com/MzAdventures/geocaching-quotes/
http://forums.groundspeak.com/GC/index.php?showtopic=53700&hl=famous%20quotes&st=50

Search
Lost
Path
Woods

Not all those who wander are lost.

      "Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted." 
      - Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
      
      "We never seek things for themselves -- what we seek is the very seeking of things." -Blaise Pascal 
      
      Two roads diverged in a wood, and I-
      I took the one less traveled by,
      And that has made all the difference.
      - Robert Frost
      
     "Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?"
     "That depends a good deal on where you want to get to," said the Cat.
     -Lewis Carrol
     
     Not every end is a goal. The end of a melody is not its goal; however if the melody had not reached its end, it would also not have reached its goal. A parable."
     -Nietzsche
     
     "The woods are lovely, dark and deep.
But I have promises to keep,
And miles to go before I sleep
And miles to go before I sleep." 
-Robert Frost

     "One never goes so far as when one doesn't know where one is going"- Goethe
     
On the walk: "Sweet are the uses of adversity, which, like a toad, though ugly and venomous, wears yet a precious jewel in its head..."

On the cache: "Things won are done; joy's soul lies in the doing..."

On the Travel bug: "Oh, you gods, why do you make us love your goodly gifts, and snatch them straight away..." (bug taken 7/17)

To the cache owner: "I can no other answer make, but, thanks, and thanks..."

"All of us are standing in the mud, but some of us are looking at the stars." Oscar Wilde 

"When you come to a fork in the road, take it."
-Yogi Berra

"There is more treasure in books than in all the pirates' loot on Treasure Island..." 

The things that come to those that wait may be the things left by those who got there first."

     "The best way out is always through." 
-Robert Frost

"If you are going through hell, keep going." 
- Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965)

"Searching is half the fun: life is much more manageable when thought of as a scavenger hunt as opposed to a surprise party." - Jimmy Buffett 

"You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there."
- Yogi Berra

"There is no end to the adventures that we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open."-Jawaharlal Nehru

"We'd mount an expedition heading up into the bay,superstitious children playing Pirate for a Day."-Jimmy Buffett 

"Something hidden. Go and find it. Go and look behind the Ranges --
"Something lost behind the Ranges. Lost and waiting for you. Go!"
Rudyard Kipling , The Explorer 1898 

